Cape fur seals are among the few animals
that can survive in this hostile
environment of blasting sand and bitter
cold cushioned by their thick fur and
layers of blubber
adaptive to the sub-antarctic they
relished the icy waters of Namibia some
of the richest fishing in Africa
the broad flat beaches also give the
seals good warning of any approaching
danger but newborn pups still too young
to swim remain vulnerable
this is a bonanza for the black-backed
jackals nimble scavengers which usually
live off carrion now they have
opportunity of fresh meat the pups are
safer providing this day close to their
mothers but dogged persistence may bring
rewards
every year one in four Cape fur seal
pups fall victim to attacks like these
but this one is lucky